[docs](hive)add hadoop.username config item (#12109)
apache/doris: docs/en/docs/ecosystem/external-table/hive-of-doris.md

    - `hive.metastore.uris`: Hive Metastore service address
    - `database`: the name of the database to which Hive is mounted
    - `table`: the name of the table to which Hive is mounted

>     - `hadoop.username`: the username to visit hdfs, when the authentication type is sample need to set 

Reviewer: sample -> simple

Author: fix

    - `hive.metastore.uris`: Hive Metastore service address
    - `database`: the name of the database to which Hive is mounted
    - `table`: the name of the table to which Hive is mounted

>     - `hadoop.username`: the username to visit hdfs, when the authentication type is simple need to set 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `hadoop.username`: the username to visit HDFS (need to specify it when the authentication type is simple)
```
